From: bobby chan <bobbyc@sfu.ca>  
Sent: June 13, 2023 11:25 AM  
To: pza42  
Cc: Jeff Chiang; Brian Lee; Thomas reginold George; Joseph Lunderville  
Subject: Re: Re-Stating Our Group's Interest on Working With a Real-life Customer / Employer for the Project - CMPT 276

Hi all,

I got a reply from the admin on the questions that came up. Please see below for my question and Megan's reply:

> ---------- Forwarded message ---------  
> Date: Tue, Jun 13, 2023 at 10:27 AM  
> Subject: RE: Community Group Project for Software Engineering  
> To: Bobby Chan <bobbyc@sfu.ca>
> 
> Hi Bobby,
>  
> Yes!
>  
> ILS101 & ILSA101: 2-hour block  
> CMPT120: 4-hour + 2-hour lab  
> CMPT125: 4-hour + 2-hour lab  
> CMPT130: 4-hour + 2-hour lab  
> CMPT135: 4-hour + 2-hour lab  
> RBT101: 2-hour block
>  
> We also have a few classes that run multiple times per week (all 4-hour blocks). They are:
>  
> CNST101 (4x per week)  
> INTG100 (2x per week)  
> PHYS140 (2x per week)  
> PHYS141 (2x per week) + PHYS1141 (lab) = 3x per week  
> BISC100 (2x per week)  
> BISC101 (2x per week)  
> CHEM121 (2x per week)  
> CNQS101: 2-hour block (outside of CNST101)  
> ENF100: 4-hour block (2x per week)
>  
> In terms of seniority, this is used when assigning sections but not when it comes to creating the timetable. We will > always work within the availability that instructors provide to us (and as equally as possible).
>  
> One other constraint that I forgot to mention! Our UTPI classes, we don’t want to schedule more than 2 at the same > time, as students in UTPI don’t have as many options for courses. These courses are:
>  
> BUS108  
> COM002  
> ECN100  
> INS101 + INS102 (students take these together as co-reqs – can’t be at the same time)  
> MTH099  
> MTH101  
> MTH103  
> PHL120  
> IUW100  
> UNI101  
> WIS100
>  
> So many things to consider! Thank you, again 😊 Please feel free to shoot any more questions my way!
>  
> Thanks,  
> Megan
> 
> > From: bobby chan <bobbyc@sfu.ca>  
> > Sent: Monday, June 5, 2023 10:48 AM  
> > Subject: Re: Community Group Project for Software Engineering  
> > 
> > Thank you Megan, for the initial requirements.
> > 
> > Two follow ups for now:  
> > 1. Can you please list courses that are not 4-hour blocks (i.e. Cmpt120 4-hour + 2-hour lab, ILS: 2-hour block, > etc.)?
> > 2. For a particular course, is there an instructor priority?  i.e. are we able to program a seniority list for each > > course?
> > 
> > Thank you :)
> 
\------------------------------------------------------------------  
Bobby Chan  
Lecturer  
School of Computing Science  
Simon Fraser University  
Email: bobbyc@cs.sfu.ca  
\======================================
